for ai agents: a documentation index is available at the root level at /llms.txt. append /llms.txt to any url for a page-level index, or .md for the markdown version of any page. search / ask ai homepage product help log in try for free developers home api reference mcp mcp close mcp server close mcp tools chatgpt plugin claude connector close mcp server close mcp tools on this page accessing close’s remote mcp server mcp client setup step 1: configure the mcp server step 2: start the server step 3: start using the server faqs does close mcp support sse? what tools does the mcp server have access to? can i create multiple mcp connections if i want to work with more than one close organization? scroll to top mcp close mcp server ask a question | copy page | view as markdown | more actions model context protocol (mcp) servers provide a standardized interface that allows any compatible ai model or agent to access your close data in a simple and secure way. below are instructions for adding close’s mcp server to commonly used clients. accessing close’s remote mcp server the mcp server url is https://mcp.close.com/mcp and has “http streamable” and “oauth 2.0 dynamic client registration (dcr)” support. we recommend accessing the mcp server via oauth 2.0 using a supported mcp client (e.g. claude, chatgpt, cursor, etc). if you prefer to interact with the mcp server using a custom setup, create an oauth application to authenticate using oauth 2.0 or authenticate using an api key and include the following headers in your request: close-api-key: {{ your close api key }} close-scope: {{ mcp.read, mcp.write_safe, or mcp.write_destructive }} the close-scope header determines the scope and available tools: mcp.read — read-only access mcp.write_safe — can read and write data mcp.write_destructive — can read, write, and delete data for more information on which tools are available for each scope, see close mcp tools. mcp client setup claude claude code chatgpt n8n cursor vs code other mcp clients faqs does close mcp support sse? we currently don’t support sse, but please email support@close.com with your specific use case and mcp client details if this is something your team requires. what tools does the mcp server have access to? see close mcp tools for the full list of tools available for each scope. can i create multiple mcp connections if i want to work with more than one close organization? yes. you can add a custom connector for each organization with the url as https://mcp.close.com/mcp and use either oauth 2.0 or api key authentication via the close-api-key and close-scope headers. each connection will need a unique name like close-mcp-org-name. was this page helpful? yes no edit this page next close mcp tools built with product overview communication automation integrations reporting sms calling security forms pricing & use cases pricing close vs other crms customer stories resources sales blog sales resources sales guides webinars on-demand demo sales tools company about careers partner with close brand guidelines terms privacy gdpr ccpa get help +1-833-go-close help center download the close app product updates system status