jump to content guides api reference changelog community front guides authentication search ctrl-k getting started welcome partnering with front create, manage, and publish apps join our developer community core api overview getting started with the core api authentication oauth api tokens fundamentals api terminology 101 base url rate limits pagination search query object 'q' resource aliases attachments webhooks application webhooks rule webhooks deprecation policy application triggers core api reference tools sample applications front ai mcp server plugins overview getting started with the plugin sdk fundamentals plugin terminology 101 creating a plugin security front ui kit pagination open a sidebar plugin from a url plugin sdk reference migration guide faq tools sample applications logistics tms plugin auth0 - react - vite template plugin build plugins easily with ai ai prompt file channels overview application channels getting started with application channels getting started with application voice channels fundamentals of application channels token instrospection for channel identification voice channels application channel message templates application channel api reference custom channels (legacy) creating a custom channel faq tools connectors overview security sample applications basic application object handler no-code application object creating new api records using connectors and app triggers connectors academy course connectors community space links overview creating a links partner integration chat widget overview chat widget sdk reference install the chat widget in an ios app install the chat widget in an android app identify users content security policy sample applications autopilot resolve sdk overview autopilot resolve sdk reference authentication the core api uses bearer tokens to authenticate its user. you must send the token for each request in the authorization header. the token must be preceded by bearer. see the authorization header in the example request below. curl curl --request get \ --url https://api2.frontapp.com/conversations/cnv_123/drafts --header 'authorization: bearer [request_token]' oauth v front api tokens there are two ways to get a bearer token — through api tokens in your settings or through an oauth implementation. in general, front recommends implementing oauth when feasible, which has the additional benefit of building within our application framework. the app framework makes it easy for customers to install your integration and makes it easy for you to update the integration with new front features as they are added to the framework. however, if you’re just building an integration for your own front instance or a single front customer, or just want to test our api endpoints as you brainstorm what to build, you can generate an api token to get up and running more quickly. for partners looking to launch a public integration to all front customers, if your integration can support oauth you’ll want to check out our oauth guide. we require that public integrations use oauth unless there is a reason they cannot. oauth integrations are part of our application framework and can be easily installed by customers using the front app store, without requiring that customers manually configure an api token for your integration. 📘 oauth is required for public integrations available to all front customers unless you obtain an exception from us. oauth makes it much easier for customers to install your integration through our app store. token scopes features the following features specify what functionality your token can be used for: access resources allows you to manage core api resources such as conversations, contacts, inboxes, etc. auto-provisioning allows you to manage provisioning resources using our scim implementation, which you have to contact our team to learn more about (not generally available to the public). application triggers allows you to process events and payloads from external services (not currently available for oauth tokens). mcp server allows you to connect front data exposed via mcp server to clients like claude, chatgpt, and others. namespaces the following namespaces specify the scope of tokens: global resources are resources available across the company. these are resources created at the company level such as company-level rules, company-level tags, or resources that only exist at the company level, such as teams or accounts. global resources exclude resources that belong to to specific workspaces, which are separately configured as shared resources. shared resources are resources that belong to specific workspaces, such as shared inboxes or workspace tags. you can select all shared workspaces to manage resources across all your workspaces. private resources are resources that belong to individual teammates, such as personal inboxes or signatures. the teammate will have to enable api access in their settings for the token to manage their resources. permissions if you selected to access resources, you can granularly specify what access the token has to each resources (read, write, delete, and send). 👍 tips for using permissions refer to the api endpoint topics in the core api reference documentation to learn which permissions are required for each endpoint. front recommends limiting the permissions for each token to prevent misuse or security issues. the following permissions exist: read for retrieving resource information. write for creating and updating resources. delete for removing api resources. send for creating and sending messages in front, such as you would do with endpoints like create message, which start new conversations or reply to active conversations. this is different from endpoints that import historical messages, which only require the write permission. updated 6 months ago getting started with the core api oauth copy page still got questions? visit our developer q&a community help