product solutions resources pricing sign in request a demo try for free front overview product tour what's new use cases customer service all-in-one support platform email management collaborative shared inboxes client communication personalized service at scale ai platform front ai overview ai for the hard stuff autopilot beyond happy-path automation copilot ai help that actually gets complexity smart qa qa minus the blind spots smart csat csat without the lies more features omnichannel all the channels, zero chaos ticketing complexity in, clarity out live chat chat people don’t hate knowledge base stop answering déjà vu integrations & api escape from tab hell industries tech financial services logistics manufacturing professional services travel teams customer support operations inbound sales account management customer success using front academy community help center developer portal explore blog integrations guides & webinars security customer stories download app front's support report channel partnerships see how autopilot and copilot handle what other ai tools can’t. pricing plans build the best cx plans for startups, enterprises, and everything in between. billed annually save 24% starter $25 /seat/mo, up to 10 seats essential capabilities to get started with single-channel support key features include shared inbox and ticketing ai topics and up to 10 automation rules basic analytics no-code public knowledge base ai add-ons available try for free professional $65 /seat/mo, up to 50 seats enhanced automation and reporting for omnichannel support everything in starter, plus omnichannel (email, sms, social, etc.) macros and up to 20 automation rules advanced analytics multiple workspaces, sso, and scim ai add-ons available request a demo enterprise most popular $105 /seat/mo advanced ai tools to accelerate resolution and elevate cx everything in professional, plus smart rules unlimited rules and macros multi-language knowledge base custom roles and permissions ai copilot, qa, and csat included request a demo trusted by 9,300+ companies key features starter professional enterprise communication channels single channel type omnichannel (email, sms, social, whatsapp, etc.) omnichannel (email, sms, social, whatsapp, etc.) shared inboxes ticketing system messaging & live chat yes, if single channel type ai topics ai copilot add-on add-on smart qa add-on add-on smart csat add-on add-on ai autopilot add-on add-on add-on workflow automation up to 10 rules macros and up to 20 rules unlimited macros and rules workspaces 1 up to 5 unlimited knowledge base basic customizable customizable and multi-language analytics and reporting basic advanced custom reports user management basic sso, scim sso, scim, and custom roles try for free request a demo request a demo front ai add-ons power up your plan with front ai meet front ai: human-in-control ai that powers exceptional service on even your toughest tickets. autopilot run complex customer work with our omnichannel ai agent starting at $0.05 /conversation talk to sales copilot boost agent productivity with a real-time ai assistant $20 / seat / month as an add-on, or included in enterprise talk to sales smart qa get a complete view of agent performance with automated, ai-powered qa $20 / seat / month as an add-on, or included in enterprise talk to sales smart csat infer customer satisfaction ratings with ai auto-review for complete, objective feedback $10 / seat / month as an add-on, or included in enterprise talk to sales boundless saves 10k hours quarterly with front ai essentialist maintains 97% csat with front ai mixam replies 60% faster with front ai smart qa + smart csat bundle complete performance insights for $25 / seat / mo add-ons more ways to extend the power of front get even more value out of front with add-ons that help you deliver exceptional support at scale native whatsapp channel popular connect your whatsapp business numbers directly to front meta-billed whatsapp costs + 20% admin fee available on professional and enterprise talk to sales api rate limit increase increase your api rate limit to support the most complex workflows $200 per 100 api requests/min per month available on all plans talk to sales services to help you scale get set up for long-term success by partnering with our team of experts. request a consultation to learn more about our service add-ons for professional and enterprise plans. talk to sales tailored onboarding ensure your team achieves immediate productivity with a personalized onboarding experience meticulously shaped around your unique workflows and business objectives. solution design and technical consultation platform optimization training and change management best practices build custom apps and integrations compare plans starter try for free professional try for free enterprise request a demo unified workspace workspaces 1 up to 5 unlimited shared inbox views assignments tags internal comments and shared drafts scheduling and snoozing messages message templates guest accounts individual inbox yes, if email is single channel type calendar yes, if email is single channel type meeting scheduling yes, if email is single channel type real-time agent availability front ai topics compose translate summarize autopilot add-on add-on add-on copilot add-on add-on smart qa add-on add-on smart csat add-on add-on communication channels channel type single channel omnichannel omnichannel email yes, if single channel type front chat yes, if single channel type sms yes, if single channel type slack yes, if single channel type social channels voice and telephony customer portal with ticket forms native whatsapp add-on add-on third-party whatsapp third-party chat connect any messaging platform via api ticketing system rules & workflow automation crm reporting & analytics messaging & live chat help center integrations security & team management support & services trusted by 9,300+ businesses 428% average roi using front 97% customer satisfaction 40% productivity increase 7x faster response time frequently asked questions what are your success services packages and how much do they cost? front offers 3 success services packages: professional onboarding, enterprise onboarding, and success services project hours. you can view pricing and what's included in each package here. to ensure you're set up for success, we require an onboarding package be purchased for contracts over $25k. how does front’s free trial work? do i need a credit card? our free 14-day trial offers all the features available in our professional plan. you can get started without a credit card and can upgrade at any time during your trial. you do not need a credit card to start, continue, or complete your front trial. what is a seat? a seat is a paid front license that can be granted to a unique user in your organization. what is a channel? a channel is the communication medium that people use to get in touch with you like email, sms, front chat, whatsapp, and more. can i connect multiple channel types with the starter plan? no, the starter plan only supports a single channel type of email, front chat, or sms. the professional and enterprise plan support multiple channel types. what is the maximum number of channels per plan? your channel maximum depends on both your plan and number of licenses. on starter, you can connect up to 10 channels per license, with professional up to 30 per license, and with enterprise up to 50 per license. for example, a team of 5 users on professional would have a maximum of 150 channels. please see our help article for more details. which providers power front ai features? we’re using openai, azure openai, and amazon aws, which are industry-leading ai providers. specifically, we use the text generation api. how is my data processed? is my data protected? while we may use your data to further train your model, your data will never be cross-contaminated with other companies’ data. we also have extensive agreements in place with our ai providers to ensure that they’re not training their foundational models on any data that we send to them. how can i learn more about front’s security and compliance best practices? ensuring your data’s confidentiality, integrity, and availability is core to our mission and platform. read more here about front’s security, privacy and compliance practices. you also may request access to our security documentation by reaching out to your sales representative. can i combine seats across multiple plans? no, plans are assigned at the organization level. you can add or remove seats as needed within a single plan. can i pay with my bank instead of my credit card? you can pay by wire transfer or ach if you purchase annually and the total contract value is over $12k. reach out to billing@front.com to have your payment method updated. resources discover best practices see more resources blog 4 major customer pain points (and how to solve them) blog how to achieve 100% csat and build a world-class support function blog ticket handling best practices: 11 tips to elevate your support blog building a better queue: how to set up a support ticket system that grows with you the ai customer operations platform. ai platform front ai overview autopilot copilot smart qa smart csat use cases customer service email management client communication compare front vs. zendesk front vs. freshdesk front vs. intercom front vs. help scout front vs. salesforce front vs. hiver front vs. missive front vs. pylon company about careers press kit real-time metrics become a partner customer referral contact support legal more features front overview help desk shared inbox ticketing knowledge base live chat integrations & api explore pricing product updates download app resources blog customer stories the coordination tax help academy developers integrations glossary additional resources customer support and service the state of service expectations customer support metrics library guide to 100% csat ai and automation boost agent support productivity front's new ai capabilities ai vs. human support strategy knowledge base 5 best practices for self-service support create ai-friendly help center articles top tips for knowledge base articles more support message templates shared inbox management tips 2026 frontapp, inc. all rights reserved. saas service agreement privacy notice cookie policy google user data privacy notice status your privacy choices