what's new academy community developer docs main website all articles ai agent & automation features ai agent actions connect your ai assistant to the gorgias mcp search connect your ai assistant to the gorgias mcp updated a month ago the gorgias model context protocol (mcp) app allows your third-party ai assistant to access your gorgias data and account, so it can read and analyze your helpdesk tickets, and audit and update your gorgias settings. the instructions in this article outline how to connect the gorgias mcp app to claude, but you can connect it to any mcp-compatible ai client, including cursor, chatgpt, and more. refer to your ai client's documentation for how to add an http mcp server, then authenticate with gorgias when prompted. note: the gorgias mcp is currently in beta, and some features may not work as expected. requirements available on all helpdesk plans everyone can install the gorgias mcp. the actions available to you depend on your gorgias role. an account with an mcp-compatible ai assistant app (for example, claude, chatgpt, cursor, etc.) how it works model context protocol is a standard that lets ai tools connect to external data sources. with the gorgias mcp app, your ai tool can access your gorgias data and interact with your helpdesk settings. this guide provides steps for connecting the gorgias mcp app to claude; however, you can connect the gorgias mcp to the mcp-compatible third-party ai tool of your choosing. what ai assistants can do with the gorgias mcp once connected, your ai assistant can access your helpdesk data and take actions on your helpdesk and ai agent settings on your behalf. use the gorgias mcp to: improve your ai agent setup. prompt your ai assistant to audit your ai agent setup. use your ai assistant to review handovers, draft new skills and guidance, edit product information and preview how your ai agent would respond to a message before turning anything on. get voice-of-customer insights. use plain language to surface frustration patterns, top return reasons, most-requested restocks, and trends from low csat surveys right from your tickets. no ticket export or request to your internal data team required. improve your helpdesk setup. spot gaps in your tag taxonomy, find stale macros, flag users who need permissions adjusted, and fix it all in the same chat. query your helpdesk analytics. pull response time breakdowns, ticket volume trends, and agent performance data from your analytics and ask your ai assistant to draw conclusions from the results. beyond these, you can also reply to customers, post internal notes, update ticket status and priority, manage helpdesk rules, view and update help center articles, and configure actions directly from your ai tool. install the gorgias mcp on claude desktop on free, pro, and max claude plans, you can add the gorgias connector directly from your claude desktop settings. on team and enterprise plans, connectors are managed at the organization level — an owner must add the gorgias connector first, then members can connect individually. once you've authenticated, your credentials are saved automatically for future sessions. before you start the installation, make sure you have all of the following: your gorgias subdomain. your subdomain is the your-brand part of your account url (your-brand.gorgias.com). the claude desktop app installed on your computer, and signed into your claude account. note: for the most up-to-date guidance on adding a connector to claude, we recommend reviewing their documentation. connect to free, pro, and max plans open the claude desktop app, then select customize. click connectors, then click + add and select add custom connector. in the name field, enter gorgias connector. in the remote mcp server url field, enter the following url: https://mcp.gorgias.com/mcp click add. click connect. you'll be redirected to the browser. enter your gorgias subdomain, then click continue. click allow access. sign into gorgias to complete the authentication. if you already have an active gorgias session in your browser, you won't be prompted to sign in. review the data the mcp can access, then click authorize. click open desktop app to return to the claude desktop app. that's it! you're now connected and you can start prompting. connect to team and enterprise plans on team and enterprise plans, an owner must add the connector to the organization before members can connect it to their claude accounts. owner steps: an owner should follow these steps to make the connector available to their team. open the claude desktop app, then click your name in the bottom-left corner. select your organization from the menu, then select organization settings. click connectors. click add, hover over custom, then select web. in the name field, enter gorgias connector. in the remote mcp server url field, enter the following url: https://mcp.gorgias.com/mcp click add. click connect. you'll be redirected to the browser. enter your gorgias subdomain, then click continue. click allow access. sign into gorgias to complete the authentication. if you already have an active gorgias session in your browser, you won't be prompted to sign in. review the data the mcp can access, then click authorize. click open desktop app to return to the claude desktop app. member steps: once the connector has been added to your organization, follow the steps below to connect it to your account. open the claude desktop app, then select customize. click connectors. find the gorgias connector in the list and click connect. you'll be redirected to the browser. sign in with your gorgias credentials to complete the authorization. click open desktop app to return to the claude desktop app. install the gorgias mcp on claude code if you prefer to use claude code in your terminal app, follow the instructions below to install the gorgias mcp app: open a terminal app on your computer. type claude and press enter to open claude code in your terminal. in your terminal, run the following command: claude mcp add --transport http gorgias https://mcp.gorgias.com/mcp press enter to allow the command, then type exit and press enter to quit claude code. type claude and press enter to relaunch claude code. in the new session, run /mcp and select gorgias. select authenticate to open a browser window, then enter your gorgias subdomain. click allow access. sign into gorgias to complete the authentication, then return to claude code. if you already have an active gorgias session in your browser, you won't be prompted to sign in. set up with another ai client gorgias mcp works with any mcp-compatible ai client. the setup process varies by client, but the connection url is the same: https://mcp.gorgias.com/mcp refer to your ai client's documentation for how to add an http mcp server, then complete the gorgias authentication step when prompted: chatgpt codex cursor vscode copilot try it out now that you've connected the gorgias mcp to your ai assistant, you're ready to start prompting. below, we've listed a few examples of things you can ask your ai assistant to do, but feel free to get creative! ai agent setup and improvement "audit my ai agent setup and flag any handover conditions that seem too broad or likely to cause unnecessary escalations." "review my ai agent guidance and draft improvements." "simulate how my ai agent would respond to this message before i enable it: [paste a sample customer message]." "are there any topics my customers are asking about that my ai agent isn't currently configured to handle?" "in ticket #[number] ai agent is not responding how it should, help me fix this" "i want my ai agent to handle returns. create a skill that enables this." voice-of-customer insights "what are the top reasons customers are contacting us this month? group them by theme." "summarize the most common complaints from low-csat tickets in the past 30 days." "what products are customers asking us to restock most often?" "find patterns in tickets tagged as returns and tell me what reasons customers are giving." "are there any recurring frustrations in tickets that aren't being captured by our current tags?" helpdesk setup and maintenance "review my tag taxonomy and flag any tags that are redundant, inconsistently named, or rarely used." "find macros that haven't been used in the last 90 days and suggest which ones we should update or retire." "check if any agents have permissions that don't match their current role." "are there any gaps in my helpdesk rules that could be causing tickets to fall through the cracks?" helpdesk analytics "what was our average first response time last month, broken down by channel?" "show me ticket volume trends for the past 90 days — are we getting more or fewer tickets than the previous period?" "which agents closed the most tickets last week, and how do their average handle times compare?" "what are our busiest hours and days for incoming tickets?" "how are we tracking against our response time goals for the last 30 days?" ticket actions and day-to-day work "find all open tickets tagged 'damaged-item' and summarize what customers are asking for." "post an internal note on ticket #[number] flagging it for the fulfillment team." "update all tickets from the last 24 hours that mention [specific issue] to priority: urgent." "reply to ticket #[number] with a message letting the customer know their order has shipped and we'll follow up once it's delivered." for more ideas, check out the gorgias mcp cookbook: a public github repo of ready-to-fork recipes and prompt ideas for merchants using the gorgias mcp. faq what's the difference between gorgias mcp and gorgias ai agent? the connection url shows a page saying "this url hosts an mcp endpoint" when i open it in a browser. i'm on a team or enterprise plan and can't see the gorgias connector. connect your ai assistant to the gorgias mcp requirements how it works what ai assistants can do with the gorgias mcp install the gorgias mcp on claude desktop connect to free, pro, and max plans connect to team and enterprise plans install the gorgias mcp on claude code set up with another ai client try it out faq resources academy community app store roadmap customer stories company about us blog careers find a partner become a partner book a demo help contact support api docs status terms of use privacy policy report a concern love gorgias? refer a friend, receive $50 and get up to $3000 refer now