skip to content get a 1:1 demo start for free product inbox every support channel, one place ai scale your team's capacity knowledge base build a custom help center messages send proactive alerts, surveys, & more insights & analytics turn signals into action apps & integrations connect to 100+ platforms mobile support customers on the go product tour explore at your own pace product updates get a 1:1 demo start for free solutions education saas manufacturing & logistics real estate property management healthcare ecommerce financial services insurance professional services customer stories get a 1:1 demo start for free resources help scout blog tips and actionable content guides & tools resources to help you grow live classes free training and demos help center searchable product tutorials the supportive get a 1:1 demo start for free company about our history and values careers join the team partner program grow your business with help scout newsletter support tips, product updates, & more inside help scout get a 1:1 demo start for free pricing get a demo start for free deliver delightful support at every stage of growth monthly annual -16% standard $25 per user/mo for growing teams looking to automate more tasks and move beyond email. try for free get core features like... multiple inboxes live chat and sms whatsapp, instagram, and messenger multiple knowledge bases one basic sla policy basic workflows unlimited tags and saved replies ai inbox assistant plus popular $45 per user/mo for teams managing higher volume and complexity across multiple channels. try for free everything in standard and... advanced workflows two advanced sla policies secure customer portal unlimited ai drafts round robin routing salesforce, jira, and hubspot internal teams group conversations by company pro $75 per user/mo for teams that need the highest level of scale and security. book a demo everything in plus and... unlimited workflows unlimited sla policies multiple routing types sso/saml hipaa compliance up to 50 light users dedicated onboarding specialist strategic account manager preferred pricing on aircall ai answers add-on $0.75 /resolution scale capacity with an ai assistant that instantly resolves customer requests. pay per resolution on a monthly basis. no dead ends your team is always a click away for more complex asks. easy setup add your website or other sources to configure the ai in minutes. 3-month free trial try ai answers at no cost so you can see its impact on response time. pre-paid discounts available. just need the basics? the free plan includes 5 users, 1 inbox, and 1 docs site. start with free how much can you save with ai answers? ai answers is an autonomous agent that resolves customer questions instantly. see the impact it can have on your bottom line and bandwidth. conversations per month /month current support team reps reps annual cost per support team rep $/year ai answers resolution rate* 0% avg. 100% the average resolution rate is 73%. since ai answers continuously improves, your savings will rise over time. i want to save money i want to save time year 1 year 2 year 3 total new hires without ai answers $135,200 $281,216 $438,696 $855,112 new hires with ai answers $0 $0 $146,232 $146,232 ai answers cost $2,266 $2,606 $2,997 $7,870 savings $132,933 $278,609 $289,467 $701,009 savings (year 1) $132,933 savings (3 year total) $701,009 return on investment 455% compare all plans and features features free start with free standard try for free plus try for free pro book a demo free start with free standard try for free plus try for free pro book a demo team management users users are members of your team in help scout. up to 5 up to 25 up to 50 unlimited (minimum 10) advanced permissions control visibility and access at the company, team, or user level. teams assign conversations and monitor reports based on a group of users. light users let teammates view conversations and collaborate without taking up a full user seat. maximums by plan: plus (25), pro (50). 5 included 15 included shared inbox inboxes collaborate on customer conversations in a shared workspace. maximums by plan: free (1), standard (20), plus (50), pro (unlimited). 1 2 (additional inboxes $10/mo) 5 (additional inboxes $10/mo) 10 (additional inboxes $10/mo) contacts someone who received a reply from your team or had their question resolved by the ai assistant. multiple conversations with the same person count as one contact. 100/mo unlimited unlimited unlimited saved replies create a library of faq responses you can search and insert in 2 clicks. 10 unlimited unlimited unlimited tags use tags to label conversations, monitor trends, and start automations. 10 unlimited unlimited unlimited snooze use snooze to set a date and time for a conversation to return to the top of your inbox. send later schedule emails to arrive exactly when you want with send later. views groups conversations into lists based on criteria like status, assignments, and priority. unlimited unlimited unlimited customer profiles & history view customer data and conversation history in an auto-populated and editable sidebar. custom fields track up to 10 custom data points on each conversation for use in reporting and workflows. customer properties collect and display up to 50 additional customer data points that matter to your team. company management organize contacts and conversations by company to get a clear picture of the whole account. routing automatically assign conversations evenly across your team to balance the workload. round robin round robin + load balanced channels email manage customer emails as a team. live chat offer live chat anywhere on your website or in-app. messenger handle customer conversations through facebook messenger. instagram handle customer conversations through instagram. service level agreements (slas) set and track response targets across conversations to keep work on schedule. 1 basic policy 2 advanced policies unlimited whatsapp handle customer conversations through whatsapp. phone/voice make and receive phone calls, logged in help scout. via integration via integration via integration sms send and receive texts from your help scout inbox. via integration via integration via integration ai ai assist expand, shorten, edit, or translate text with ai. unlimited unlimited unlimited ai drafts use ai to draft replies based on past conversations and help content. unlimited unlimited ai summarize summarize back-and-forth conversations into a few bullet points with ai. unlimited unlimited ai answers chatbot an ai assistant that offers instant answers to customers using your knowledge base content and custom sources. $0.75 per resolution $0.75 per resolution $0.75 per resolution automation workflows organize, assign, or reply to conversations automatically. advanced workflows let you trigger actions based on customer properties. 150 basic workflows 500 advanced workflows unlimited advanced workflows office hours send customers a confirmation as soon as their message is received. auto reply send customers a confirmation as soon as their message is received. knowledge base docs sites build a searchable and branded help center or knowledge base. 1 2 (additional sites $20/mo) 3 (additional sites $20/mo) 5 (additional sites $20/mo) custom site branding use preset options or control the look and feel of your site with custom css. articles create and organize articles with text, images, hyperlinks, videos, and tables. 10 unlimited unlimited unlimited contact forms embed contact forms or live chat into your help center. restricted docs sites control who can view your docs site via api. beacon embeddable support hub customize a help widget you can place anywhere in your website or app. 1 5 unlimited unlimited contact form offer contact forms linked directly to your inbox on any website page or in-app. live chat offer live chat anywhere on your website or in-app. help articles suggest different help content depending on the page url. messaging messages send visitors targeted messages on your website or in your app. surveys, csat, nps collect survey responses and ratings anywhere on your website or in your app. reporting pre-built reports get insight into volume, responses, and customer happiness on each channel. 30-day history 2-year history all-time all-time custom reports filter reporting data into distinct views by conversation type, inbox, tag, folder, or custom field. exports perform custom analysis by exporting your reporting data to a csv or excel file. security hipaa compliance safely store protected health information (phi) in help scout. add-on sso/saml sign in to help scout with your company's sso credentials using any saml-compatible identity provider add-on add-on ip restrictions limit access to your help scout account to users connecting from a predefined list of ip address ranges or individual ips. add-on add-on integrations access to 100+ apps connect help scout to other web services your business depends on. limit to 1 salesforce pull in customer activity details from salesforce to help scout. hubspot bring contextual information about your customers into help scout. aircall manage calls and texts alongside email and chat in help scout. add-on add-on preferred pricing jira create a new jira issue from a help scout conversation. linear link, track, and create new issues directly from any conversation. custom apps a quick way for developers to pull customer data from a third party source into the sidebar. api access read/write data and connect more key systems with help scout. (200 calls/minute) (400 calls/minute) (800 calls/minute) webhooks & oauth apps support email standard priority priority priority onboarding specialist add-on csm add-on faq can i add more inboxes or docs sites to my plan? yes — additional inboxes beyond the number included in your plan are available for $10 per month when paid annually (or $12 per month). additional docs sites are available for $20 per month when paid annually (or $24 per month). the free plan is limited to just 1 inbox and 1 docs site. what counts as an ai resolution? a resolution is a single conversation that is resolved by ai answers without human assistance. a resolution is counted only if the customer receives an ai response and doesn’t use escalation, search the knowledge base, ask more questions, or indicate that they need more help. if a customer requests more help with natural language or by selecting the “i still need help” button, the conversation won’t count as a resolution and you won’t be charged. you'll only be charged for one resolution per conversation, even if ai answers responds to multiple questions. can i set caps on ai resolution spending? yes — you can set a monthly cap on ai answers resolutions. if you hit your spending cap, ai answers will be disabled automatically for the remainder of the monthly cycle. you’ll receive email notifications as you get closer to your cap. this option allows for predictable billing, so you’ll never be surprised at the end of the month. how does the free trial work? when you sign up for a free trial of the standard or plus plan, you’ll get 15 days to take all of the plan’s features for a test drive — no credit card required. want to trial the pro plan? talk to our sales team. how does the 3-month ai answers trial work? when you create your help scout account, you will get 3 months of free, unlimited ai answers resolutions. this gives you plenty of time to test it and measure the impact without having to pay for resolutions. the trial starts on the first day you create your account. what payment methods does help scout accept? we accept major credit cards, including visa, american express, mastercard, and discover. for some annual payments, wire or ach transfer is also available. free accounts don’t need to add a payment method. do you offer discounts for startups or non-profits? the help scout for good program offers discounts for qualifying non-profits and b corporations. we also have a startup plan designed to accommodate early-stage companies. check it out to see if you qualify. start for free learn the platform in less than an hour. become a power user in less than a day. start for free book a demo product inbox ai chatbot messages insights & analytics apps & integrations mobile product tour product updates solutions ecommerce education financial services healthcare insurance logistics manufacturing professional services property management real estate saas compare zendesk intercom freshdesk hubspot gorgias front company about customers careers newsletters terms & privacy accessibility do not sell support developers help docs contact status99.99% © 2026 help scout we’d love to show you the magic of help scout. book a demo