:site.title ai agents product resources features pricing free ai free trial demo login en 1 july – 31st august 2026 *extended liveaigents at zero cost get your 33% off + free ai agent use code summer-33m for monthly and summer-33y for yearly subscription pricing choose the right plan for your team start with a 30-day free trial. no credit card required. upgrade, downgrade, or cancel anytime. trusted by leading companies worldwide small business affordable ticketing platform for smaller support teams + free ai agents $15 $10 save 33% per month billed annually for new users (until january 1st, 2027) try for free ai agents ticketing live chat knowledgebase customer portal contact forms automation rules integrations multiple language support see all features medium business a versatile and balanced plan for full-scale customer support + free ai agents $29 $19 save 33% per month billed annually for new users (until january 1st, 2027) try for free everything in small plan ai agents incl. full setup call center & ivr time rules reports proactive chat invitations agent ratings sound configuration service levels (sla) sso custom roles see all features most popular large business an all-inclusive plan with all features and capabilities + free ai agents $49 $33 save 33% per month billed annually for new users (until january 1st, 2027) try for free everything in medium plan time tracking & audit log audit log facebook instagram x viber telegram whatsapp see all features enterprise a full-scale solution with extra support & exclusive services + free ai agents $69 $46 save 33% per month billed annually for new users (until january 1st, 2027) book demo call everything in large plan almost unlimited dedicated account manager priority support assisted channels integration branding free custom billing setup service review call and reports scheduled release management see all features 30 days free trial no credit card required upgrade & pay as you go no contracts cancel any time see liveagent in action let us show you the difference liveagent can make. deal for startups special special offer for selected teams. compare plans check out our plan comparisons and select the best one for you monthly annually small business medium business large business enterprise $19 $13 per month for new users (until january 1st, 2027) try for free $35 $23 per month for new users (until january 1st, 2027) try for free $59 $40 per month for new users (until january 1st, 2027) try for free $85 $57 per month for new users (until january 1st, 2027) book demo call pricing per agent/month billed annually annual pricing is billed yearly and calculated based on the number of agents you add to the system. if you add more agent seats during the year, a top-up request will be generated at the same reduced rate. $15 $10 $29 $19 $49 $33 $69 $46 per agent/month billed monthly monthly pricing is billed monthly and calculated based on the number of agents you add to the system. if you add more agent seats during the month, a top-up request will be generated at the same reduced rate. $19 $13 $35 $23 $59 $40 $85 $57 ai features ai answer assistant boost your support agents' efficiency and utilize ai to generate professional responses to customer inquiries & refine answer drafts based on provided instructions. ai chatbot boost your support agents' efficiency and utilize ai to generate professional responses to customer inquiries & refine answer drafts based on provided instructions. 24/7 ai chat with seamless human escalation boost your support agents' efficiency, utilize ai and let the chatbot's ai agent decide when to transfer the chat automatically. ai tickets responder with ai agent-spam prevention boost your support agents' efficiency, utilize ai and let an ai agent answer incoming tickets while preventing spam and irrelevant requests. ai self-learning loop with ticket to memory boost your support agents' efficiency, utilize ai and turn resolved support tickets into structured knowledge. ai ticket validation & autoresponse boost your support agents' efficiency, utilize ai and deliver instant, personalized responses to incoming tickets. ai ticket triage & categorization boost your support agents' efficiency, utilize ai and automatically read incoming support tickets and assign the correct category tag. ai ticket summary catch up boost your support agents' efficiency, utilize ai and analyze a ticket, filters out system logs to focus on human messages only, and generate a concise "executive summary". ai spam & irrelevance filter boost your support agents' efficiency, utilize ai and parse raw ticket data such as headers, html, and body, and apply your specific business context. show more the best customer experiences are built with liveagent explore real success stories from businesses that chose liveagent as their help desk and dedicated communication platform. how m4markets delivers ai-powered support with liveagent discover how m4markets reduced agent workload and boosted international engagement 80% with liveagent's ai chatbot and automation. 80% increase in engagement across international regions 24/7 instant support with liveagent ai chatbot read story how cs apparel group launches new support lines in minutes with liveagent learn how cs apparel group, one of the largest sports and fashion retailers in czech republic and slovakia, improved support speed by 75% with liveagent. +75% improvement in average email response time (from 24h to 6h) +17% improvement in sla levels for calls (from 80% to 97%) read story show more see how it works take a tour of liveagent discover all the powerful features that make liveagent the perfect customer service solution. watch our product demo to see the platform in action. frequently asked questions what is the pricing of liveagent? liveagent offers affordable pricing plans that are competitive in the market. the software is praised for providing excellent value for money with its extensive feature set and integration ecosystem. does liveagent offer a free trial? yes, liveagent offers a 30-day free trial with no credit card required, allowing you to test all features before committing to a paid plan. how much does the liveagent app cost? liveagent offers three subscription tiers: small subscription for $15 per agent, medium subscription for $29 per agent, and large for $49 per agent. mobile help desk apps for android and ios are included in each subscription without any additional fees. liveagent offers a free 30-day trial for each subscription. what are the integration costs in liveagent? liveagent offers three subscription plans (small at $15/agent, medium at $29/agent, and large at $49/agent), and api and integrations are included in each subscription without any additional costs. a 30-day free trial is available for all subscriptions. what does a free trial do? when signing up for a free trial on the liveagent desktop software, you get insight into how the cloud functions. it teaches you how you can enhance your business and your customer support system. here you'll discover how to use all its available features to help you organize email communications, solve tickets efficiently, and provide a better customer experience. how can i get a free trial? signing up to test the liveagent desktop software is quite simple. you can download a free trial version of the software, which will take you to a simple sign-up form. there you will provide your basic information such as your full name, business email, and company name. the leader in help desk software deliver exceptional customer support across multiple channels and automate your customer service with liveagent. start 30-day free trial demo you will be in good hands! join our community of happy clients and provide excellent customer support with liveagent. start 30-days free trial schedule a demo demo pricing features integrations tour support support portal data migration system status change log request for proposal company about us awards & certificates customer reviews affiliate program impressum learn blog glossary academy templates typing test popular knowledge base software customer service software voip phone system self-service software inbound call center software complaint management system client portal software help desk software for startups sales contacts +421 2 33 456 826 +1-888-257-8754 +1-786-204-1375 schedule a demo socials instagram facebook x linkedin youtube whatsapp reviews subscribe to our newsletter email address subscribe choose your language select your preferred language to navigate the site. terms & conditions security policy privacy policy gdpr sitemap cookie settings © 2004-2026 quality unit, llc. all rights reserved.