developers docs & guides explore tools marketplace go to pipedrive.com log in sign up api reference getting started endpoints activities activity fields activity types beta billing call logs channels currencies deal fields deal installments deal products deals files filters goals item search lead fields lead labels leads lead sources legacy teams mailbox meetings note fields notes oauth 2.0 organization fields organization relationships organizations permission sets person fields persons pipelines product fields products project boards project fields project phases projects project templates recents roles stages tasks user connections users user settings webhooks api reference this reference helps you implement the restful pipedrive api. this api uses a json format for output and is capable of handling cors (cross-origin resource sharing) requests. the api is stateless – all requests are validated against an api token. the api token can be obtained manually from the pipedrive app. openapi 3 you can click on the "run in postman" button below to interact with our api. we have a tutorial for using pipedrive api in postman or insomnia, but if you prefer to use a different tool, you can always import our openapi 3 specification files (available for both v1 and v2 apis) into your tool of choice. see this article to learn more about pipedrive api v2. keep in mind that we'll occasionally update our openapi 3 specification files, so you might need to re-import them from time to time. for ready-to-use sdks, read below under "client libraries". run in postman notice! pipedrive's api and extension points cover the majority of our core product's functionality. as our product is constantly growing, so is our api. to be up to date with new additions and updates, please check out and subscribe to our changelog . to test your applications, we recommend creating a new, separate pipedrive account for sandboxing purposes. go to the developer sandbox account page to learn more and request your own sandbox account. developer documentation see pipedrive developer documentation for more information. want to create an app using pipedrive api? learn about what types of apps you can create, check out our coding tutorials and start creating your own app. client libraries we offer two official pipedrive api client libraries: node.js and php. subscribe to pipedrive’s developer newsletter your email address subscribe we promise not to send you any marketing materials or spam, just developer news. pipedrive about pricing jobs blog newsroom product sales software features privacy and security marketplace status api discover partner program sales pipeline course what is crm? crm comparison resources help center knowledge base academy support (available now) © 2026 pipedriveterms of serviceprivacy noticesite mapcookie noticecookies settings pipedrive is a web-based sales crm. this website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. we also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. further information is available in our:cookie noticeprivacy notice accept all cookies