documentationapi reference search / api reference home introduction betas and eaps changelog capabilities ticketing help center ai agents conversations (messaging) voice custom data workforce management (wfm) omnichannel status live chat sales crm it asset management embeddables zendesk web widget and sdks web widget (classic) answer bot extensions apps webhooks integration services amazon eventbridge api reference welcome to the zendesk api reference docs. whether you're an experienced developer and zendesk user or just starting out, this is where you'll find the documentation you need. most of our apis are organized by product capabilities. you'll find apis for ticketing, help center, live chat, voice, sales crm as well as some features that span capabilities, such as omnichannel routing and custom data. for each api, you'll find information about who can authenticate requests, detailed descriptions of endpoints, example requests, and other essential information to help you unlock the full potential of zendesk. run in postman to quickly get started with the zendesk apis, you can use the zendesk public workspace on postman. the collection includes all zendesk apis except the sell and sunshine conversations apis. capabilities ticketing work with tickets, users and organizations and manage ticket workflows. support api jira integration api help center help center, knowledge base and community. help center api ai agents automate conversations and manage intelligent workflows. ai agents api messaging unify messages from every channel into a single conversation and build interactive experiences. conversations api voice call center software. talk api talk partner edition api custom data connect and understand all your customer data wherever it lives. custom objects api legacy custom objects api omnichannel access features and functionality that span zendesk channels. omnichannel apis status get a list of active incidents and scheduled maintenance that may affect zendesk availability. status api live chat live chat and messaging. chat api real time chat api chat conversations api sales crm sales force automation. sell api sync api firehose api search api embedding zendesk web widget control data passed to and from the web widget web widget (messaging) api web widget (classic) api answer bot provide help center article suggestions for an enquiry. answer bot api android sdk control data passed to and from the android sdk android sdk (messaging) api ios sdk control data passed to and from the ios sdk ios sdk (messaging) api zendesk sdk for unity control data passed to and from the zendesk sdk for unity zendesk sdk for unity (messaging) api extending zendesk apps apis to help you build apps for zendesk support, sell and chat apps core api apps support api apps sell api apps chat api integration services apis and trigger events information for building integrations with zendesk integration services (zis) zis configs api connections api zis inbound webhooks api zis links api zis registry api trigger events reference join our developer community forum blog slack zendesk181 fremont street, 17th floor, san francisco, california 94105 privacy noticezendesk developer termssystem status